Jamal Jones number 7 2nd year point
guard Ryerson University late for doing
this gave his tie yes got it this kid
can you I got a chance to watch another
high school tournament probably have a
triple-double of three points that close
6 11 rebounds just have to watch it one
time to know that he was a special
talent it was pretty clear see after the
first time I saw it critical concern
opinion we went off from pretty hard
right after that it's just the
opportunity of the end of school that
wasn't really fastball dominate and this
really great I had originally had a
point guard so I'll just trying to fill
in boy that they really needed from
Earth and I expected to come in just
develop get never be a CSV have to be a
lot smarter please yes game and it was
very very tough me that just like meteor
the target on good on your eyes would
seem to get boxing wadden sea is Magic
willing you
the physic out in without my physical
got to be more got to be more doubt in
on offense and defensive and can take
pressures off to be honest be we came in
expecting to do big beard off the bat it
was rough because we brought in six new
guys we had a couple vets we had young
guys they're semester Weaver or even
think about results of being six and two
shocking people we're ready for Carlton
but we haven't played as he has gave me
for the second semester we buckled down
simplify things start from scratch again
1925 kinds of us got our first coupling
that right-hand got in a while so with
all the good feeling to end like that
mall on the court as fast as fast it's
pretty quick he's faster and oh yeah he
really move up you know I think it
probably could gone as well as any first
year
and more so not just from my production
perspective for Justin
he handled all the accolades with a lot
of humility and you know at the same
time it was phenomenal on the corner
this was a great feeling from the school
this guy ass I don't really have
anything cool as a rookie of the year
like Male Athlete hear those things
hopefully they come I don't control that
I just play he has the potential to be
one of the best ever plan is be and he
would never ever let you know that me
personally bear out of myself no matter
how would i play or how far but I always
find something that will haunt me and
widely throughout that game of throw up
a year both let my hand again I was
probably the best experience that's
what's been so bad about us maybe there
is like watch or they chest open the
experience but I just got to play it was
a good experience as the customer elixir
30 years it's big for our school I think
there's a lot of lessons that he's
murdered that he can share as a player
with other players that are going
through struggles whether it's just
physical mental emotional being to do
that that level is real let's help them
a lot of the ball player he comes back
just the way I think he's the comments
on the game and the way he used the game
now some of the best coaches at our
level it's definitely like basketball IQ
I guess you can say because you've been
its pros guys that get paid to play
tough to guard but you learning paced
himself he takes the Akitas this is so
good and that the show jetta he doubted
our defense Russell to kill it showed me
what you need to work on get back home
in Chicago and what I can eat them like
this stuff that I learned with coach
Martin from Carlton try to help sew it
into my game into like our team
constants or arson so there's a great
experience I'll together and hopefully
get back one thing I was saying last
year after my first years were one game
away from the final four I think get to
the final four getable some difference
there's a difference is different than
when I came in right here because I was
a quiet kid the moment being announced
they put into a leader rule one thing
that's that all good points do you know
side for skill saturated
be the extension of coach on the floor
and in order to do that you need to have
to be a great communicator he's
certainly making a better effort and
improving matter you gotta do a lot more
speaking that check gets the other guys
doing you got to do a lot more at the
top of course a lot more a lot more
housekeeping holding myself accountable
I see something that should be done I
should be able to tell somebody I can't
slip this or the forest buildings being
in the headlines of talking in class or
probation you don't want to hear stuff
like that he's certainly going to be
involved in basketball arrested life
depends on what capacity I think you'll
be weird coach one day but who's got a
lot of playing in them as long as he
continues to improve the progressive
work on areas that he needs to in order
to get to that next level I think
and so it's up to us in the locker room
until they show people that how good it
really could mean right now just people
say I was attached over very dangerous
but we have only proved that to anybody
yet hopefully we buckle down Jenna
season if I show people really are and
we Margaret to mom
soldiers don't give yourselves to brutes
men who despise you enslave you who
regiment your lives tell you what to do
what to think of what to feel who drill
you diet you treat you like cattle use
you as cannon fodder don't give
yourselves to these unnatural men
machine men with machine minds and
machine hearts you are not machines
you're not cattle you are men
you